---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: //WHO I AM//
datePublished: '2016-07-04T12:52:18.818Z'
dateModified: '2016-07-04T12:47:01.741Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-24-who-i-am.md
authors: []
publisher: null
starred: false
url: who-i-am/index.html
_type: Article

---
//WHO I AM//

I've written plenty of these kinds of self-description pages, for applications, bios, etc. I've gotta say, I'm tired of all the institutionalization these kinds of "blah blah blah, I'm a dynamic perfomer, blah blah blah" kind of forced self-accolades comes from. So I'm not going to write about that. Instead, I'm going to write about what music is to me in its highest capacity: community, spirituality, and experimentation.

Music brings people together like nothing in history (except maybe war, unfortunately) has before. Beethoven. Notorious B.I.G. Steve Reich. Beyoncé. Whether it's your taste or not, you can't argue that music brings together people of all races, creeds, sexual orientations, and backgrounds in a place where the performers and the audience members are all on the same plane. Music as community, in the highest sense, tears down the invisible wall between audience and musician(s) that was developed in Western Europe over centuries. I seek to make people feel as though they are a _part _of the experience, not apart from it as a spectator. Which brings me to my next point:

Music is a spiritual connection to all that we are. "Luminous beings are we; not this crude matter." Yoda said it best in _The Empire Strikes Back _and it's true today. Whatever organized religion may get wrong, they have absolutely hit the nail on the head by recognizing that we are all connected- and that we are all beings of light who have been taught to ignore our innate natures.

Experimentation is one of the pillars of creativity. It also just so happens to be something we're really frickin' good at as children, but is less encouraged as we grow into adulthood. However, recent generations have begun bringing back the focus on the need for nurturing the inner child in all of us. It's what allows us to feel more easily, more deeply, and